Redshift/line list optimization and minor fixes (#1036)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: CHANGES.rst

- Redshift slider and options are moved from the toolbar to the Line List 
  plugin in the plugin tray. [#1031]

> - Spectral lines and redshift are re-factored to improve performance. [#1036]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Spectral lines and redshift are refactored to improve performance. [#1036]
```
